given the radius of a circle, find the area and perimeter 
swap 2 numbers
largest of 3 numbers
perform basic arithmetic operations, (add, diff, mul, div) read 2 numbers from the user, display the menu of operations available. read the choice from the user, perform the chosen operation.
display the first n multiples of a given number.
find the sum of first 100 even numbers
find the factorial of a number
find the number of digits in a given number
check whether leap year or not
find the roots of a quadratic equation
GCD of 2 numbers
Exchange first and last characters in a string
Factorial using function
Fibonacci series in a string
Character frequency of a string
Add 'ing' at the end of a string. If already ends with ing add 'ly'
Display pyramid with step number form the user
Construct the pattern using nested loop
Create a single string from two strings, swapping the character at position 1
Display first and last colors from a list of comma seperated color names
Sort dictionary(ascending and descending)
Merge two dictionaries
From a list create a list removing all even numbers
Create a Bank account with members account number name, type of account and balance. Write constructor and methods to deposit at the bank and withdraw an amount from the bank.
Create rectangle class with attributes length and width and methods to find area and perimeter.compare two rectangle objects by their area
Create a class rectangle with private attributes length and breadth. Overload < operator to compare the area of two rectangles
Create a class time with private attributes hour minute and seconds. overload + operator to find sum of two times.
Create a class publisher(name) derive class book from publisher with attributes title and author. Derive class python from book with attributes price and number of pages,Write a program that displays info about a python book/. Use base class constructor invocation and method overriding

format: 
TITLE
AIM
ALGORITHM
step by step
PROGRAM 
OUTPUT
RESULT